---
title: Responsive Design
icon: Responsive
type:
 - designer
level: 3
alsoSee:
---
## Looking great on every screen

A huge and grown percentage of online content and
applications are consumed on non-desktop devices. It's very
tempting to consider responsive design simply making your
product look great on a mobile phone but the challenge of
responsive design is much broader than that. Whats more mobile
phones now come in a huge range of sizes and capabilities.
Furthermore, tablets, in-car dashboards, huge 8k televisions
might and of course the internet enabled fridge door might
all need to access your content. Not to mention the
thousands of new devices in development right now.

## Beyond small screen

I was lucky enough to complete a two day workshop with
[Ethan Marcotte](https://ethanmarcotte.com/) who was, as he
states on his website "the fellow who started that whole
“responsive design” thing.". This workshop really helped me
understand that true responsive design is not about making a
website work on a mobile phone, its about creating designs
that respond to needs and environment. Ethan used many
example from architecture to demonstrate building that's
adapt to the need and weather to provide more space, or more
privacy, to bring in more fresh air, or keep out the rain.
These are all excellent examples of responsive design and
this mental model informs how I approach much of the
development process; and take responsive design beyond
simply making a site work on mobile.
